Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company 
want you to address?
Artemis Financial was a fictional financial institution who wished to streamline their operations in a secure manner.
The security aspect was the focus to address.

What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What 
value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?
What I did well was ensuring I addressed every potential issue, large or small, as even the smaller issues could be 
used to expose sensitive data. As this was representing a major financial institution, it would bee assumed that there would
be plenty of people attempting to hack into systems in pursuite of the client's sensitive data.

Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
Making sure I didn't miss any serious vulnerabilities. before this I was familiar with some amount of best practices,
but a good amount of the exact methods used by hackers was new to me, and I wanted to make sure I didn't miss one.

How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which 
mitigation techniques to use?
The class's vulnerability assesment flow diagram was VERY helpful. It clearly displayed each element to check, and why.

How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you 
check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
I have a habit of running the program every few lines of code to ensure functionality. When I'm more familiar with the
libraries used I can go a little longer with confidence it'll work as intended, but not only is java my least comfortable
language currently, this class also introduced me to some unique libraries and dependencies that I wasn't familiar with.

What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and 
experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
I already mentioned the flow diagram, but it's worth a second mention as I found it very useful, and I'll definitly be
keeping a copy of it for usage outside of this class. I'm sure Maven will be another tool it pays to be familiar with.
The successfully generated .cer file, and the correctly implemented cipher would both be great portfolio submissions.
